>> Speaker 1: Just a reminder on when
we use backticks to separate content.
>> Brian Holt: So you can always
use backticks to make strings,
so I can say const someString
= 'this is a string.
Even if you're not doing anything special
that you can always use backticks.
However, if you wanna do
this string interpolation or
a template string, as it's called.
So, I wanna put my event.target.value
in the middle of it.
That's where you use the dollar sign and
curly braces here.
And then whatever's inside of there will
actually be output into the string, right?
Whereas if I just put something like that
inside of here without the curly braces,
it's literally going to put
the output event.target.value,
which is not what I want.
>> Brian Holt: And then, here, if I just
had this to be normal quotes or double
quotes, this is actually, literally,
gonna output to the same thing as well.
That's why you can see the syntax
highlighting, everything's brown on it.
So, you have to use backticks,
otherwise you don't get that ability.
Makes sense?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, or kind of like when
you have a string inside of a string.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so this is basically
putting these strings together, yeah.
>> Brian Holt: In other way you can think
about that is this is technically call
the JavaScript expression,
not that you really need to know that.
But as a good rule of thumb
of what an expression is,
is const x = it's anything that can be on
the right side of an assignment, right?
So, here I can have like,
this is cool.toUpperCase,
right, to look something like that.
So, anything I can put on the right
side of that can go here.
So I could put 5 here.
I don't know why you'd want to but
that would work, for example.
>> Brian Holt: Or
you could put Math.random.
If you wanted to output
a random number there, right?
And you can put anything
that you want there.
Anything that can go in the right
side of an equal signs can go there.
>> Brian Holt: Or, in this case,
event.target.value.
>> Speaker 3: So, when you say anything
that can go on the right side of
an equal sign,
basically any JavaScript code.
>> Speaker 3: Or-
>> Speaker 1: Basically, so
what are you differentiating there is like
I can't put an if statement there, right?
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: Because that's a statement,
not an expression per se.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, any JavaScript code
that will return a value can go there.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
yeah, I'm okay with that.
I'm okay with that [LAUGH].
You could have some function here that
would do something and return a value.
That would be fine.
But you have to draw the line.
I can't put if (this),
this isn't gonna work.
Because if statements are they
are statements, right?
>> Speaker 3: Okay,
yeah, that makes sense.
>> Brian Holt: In general,
you're just gonna output variables, right?
That's in general.
That's all you need to know about it,
that they are more flexible than that.